default -g (#935)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Added the *--skip-id-set-creation* flag to **validate** command in order to add the capability to run validate command without creating id_set validation.
* Fixed an issue where **validate** command checked docker image tag on ApiModules pack.
* Fixed an issue where **find-dependencies** did not calculate dashboards and reports dependencies.

> * Fixed the default run of **lint** to be only on changed files, if no additional flags specifying the packs are given.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Running **demisto-sdk lint** will automatically run on changed files (same behavior as the -g flag).
```
